over the last few years running the
world looking for deadly animals there's
been one I've heard more crazy stories
about and as I guess captured my
imagination more than any other and
that's why we're here in the Sea of
Cortez
[Music]
these guys are fishermen they're heading
out looking leave sacked animal to quit
running for
the a block which is the red devil they
tell stories of them actually gripping
fishermen from their boats and tearing
them to shreds now I don't know about
any of that but what I do know for sure
is that this is one of the most
dangerous animals we're going to see on
a deadly 60 and it's called the Humboldt
squid the dark depths of the Sea of
Cortez a teeming with Humboldt squid but
catching one requires serious effort
they're fierce and be strong and can be
as long as a car
these fishermen usually catch the squid
for food but tonight we just want to
come face to tentacle with one camera
we're little bit so what's happening now
is these guys are putting lines way way
deep down during the day these squid are
about 200 meters plus underwater but now
it's kind of dusk time the sun's going
down and then we starting coming closer
and closer up to the surface to feed so
they're just going to trawl around see
if they can pull something in and when
they do you'll see our first squid I
have so much respect for these fishermen
dragging you up squid with just a line a
lure and a whole lot of sweat got
something big coming in
[Music]
I'm so excited
one of our how much line is he put in
here I see it I see something I can see
it might shake coming up towards us here
it comes oh look at that yes yes Wow
look at the colours pulsing down the
body I can't believe it there's the beak
he's pointing out to us there that's the
danger end I can't believe he's letting
his fingers get that close to it look at
that it's like a giant bucket giant
parrot's beak and it can cut straight
through flash and even bone it would
easily take off one of my fingers right
look down the length of all of these
tentacles each one has sucker cups
running all the way down the length of
it and every one of those sucker cups is
ranged with razor-sharp teeth look at
that they're like they're like the teeth
of a piranha a slice straight through
flesh and they use those to catch ahold
of slippery sardines a small fish that
they're going to be eating and draw them
in I don't believe it